Wishlist provider (#176)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

### Minimum Node.js version

Node.js 10.x [reaches its end of life at the end of April 2021](https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/). As a result, the required minimum Node.js version has been updated to the version 12.22.1.

We also recommend to use Node.js 14.x as this version is also supported and it is the current active Long Term Support Node.js release.

### Wishlist Provider

By doing so, we have unified some queries related to the wishlist moved them to the provider. If you use this feature or have overridden related components, we highly recommend you to update them. Leveraging the wishlist provider instead of querying the data directly reduces the number of client / server requests and make your application more performant.

> In this release we have implemented a [wishlist provider](/docs/reference/wishlist-provider) to unify and optimise some queries related to the wishlist. As a result a number of Graph QL queries and fragments have been deprecated or moved to the provider. If you use this feature or have overridden related components, we highly recommend you to update them. Leveraging the wishlist provider instead of querying the data directly reduces the number of client / server requests and make your application more performant.

Reviewer: there's duplicated sentences between this paragrah and the previous one

Deprecated queries/fragments:

> - `WishlistProductGridQuery`. Use `LoadWishlistQuery` instead

Reviewer: nit: would be a bit more readable by using `:`

- `AddProductToWishlistQuery`. Use `useLoadWishlistItem` hook instead
- `IsWishlistEnabledQuery`. Use `useIsWishlistEnabled` hook instead
- `WishlistProductGridFragment`. Use `LoadWishlistQueryFragment` instead
- `WishlistProductItemFragment`. Use `LoadWishlistItemFragment` instead
- `AddProductToWishlistFragment`. Use `useLoadWishlistItem` hook instead

#### Enabling the wishlist provider

The wishlist provider is enabled by default in Front-Commerce 2.6.0. However you need to make sure you have not overridden the following:

- `src/web/makeApp.js`
- any story that uses the wishlist

> If you have overridden `src/web/makeApp.js` you need to make sure that the provider is included in the `makeApp` function just above the `<Routes>` component as follows:

Reviewer: you can also link to the corresponding commit in our repository

We also recommend to use Node.js 14.x as this version is also supported and it is the current active Long Term Support Node.js release.

### Wishlist Provider

In this release we have implemented a wishlist provider that takes care of:

- Checking if the wishlist feature is enabled
- Loading wishlist
- Checking if product is in wishlist

> By doing so we have unified some queries related to the wishlist moved them to the provider. It is highly recommended you switch to using the wishlist provider for the functionalities it provided instead of relying on querying the data directly. This will also help reduce the number of requests you do to the server (like in the case of checking if product is in wishlist). We have also updated the `withIsProductInWishlist` HOC to use the provider so continuing to use it is ok.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By doing so, we have unified some queries related to the wishlist moved them to the provider. If you use this feature or have overridden related components, we highly recommend you to update them. Leveraging the wishlist provider instead of querying the data directly reduces the number of client / server requests and make your application more performant.
```
